[Identity] Adding ClientCertificateCredential and custom credential samples (#18722)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/samples/ClientCertificateCredentialSamples.md

# Using the ClientCertificateCredential

Applications which execute in a protected environment can authenticate using a client assertion signed by a private key whose public key or root certificate is registered with AAD. The Azure.Identity library provides the `ClientCertificateCredential` for applications choosing to authenticate this way. Below are some examples of how applications can utilize the `ClientCertificateCredential` to authenticate clients.

## Loading certificates from disk

> Applications commonly need to load a client certificate from disk. In this case the application can either construct the `ClientCertificateCredential` by specifying the applications tenant id, client id, and the path to the certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications commonly need to load a client certificate from disk. One approach is for the application to construct the `ClientCertificateCredential` by specifying the applications tenant id, client id, and the path to the certificate.
```

```C# Snippet:Identity_CertificateCredenetial_CreateWithPath
var credential = new ClientCertificateCredential(tenantId, clientId, "./certs/cert.pfx");
```

> Alternatively the application can construct the `X509Certificate2` themselves such as in this example where the certificate key is password protected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, the application can construct the `X509Certificate2` themselves, such as in the following example, where the certificate key is password protected.
```

Consider the scenario where a pinned certificate used for development authentication is stored in the Personal certificate store. Since the certificate is pinned it can be identified by its thumbprint, which the application might read from configuration or the environment.

```C# Snippet:Identity_CertificateCredenetial_CreateFromStore
using var store = new X509Store(StoreName.My, StoreLocation.LocalMachine);

store.Open(OpenFlags.ReadOnly);

var certificate = store.Certificates.Cast<X509Certificate2>().FirstOrDefault(cert => cert.Thumbprint == thumbprint);

var credential = new ClientCertificateCredential(tenantId, clientId, certificate);
```

## Rolling Certificates

Long running applications may have the need to roll certificates during process execution. Certificate rotation is not currently supported by the `ClientCertficateCredential` which treats the certificate used to construct the credential as immutable. This means that any clients constructed with an `ClientCertificateCredential` using a particular cert would fail to authenticate requests after that cert has been rolled and the original is no longer valid. 

> However, if an application wants to roll this certificate without creating new service clients, it can accomplish this by creating it's own `TokenCredential` implementation which wraps the `ClientCertificateCredential`. The implementation of this custom credential `TokenCredential` would somewhat depend on how the application handles certificate rotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if an application wants to roll this certificate without creating new service clients, it can accomplish this by creating its own `TokenCredential` implementation which wraps the `ClientCertificateCredential`. The implementation of this custom credential `TokenCredential` would somewhat depend on how the application handles certificate rotation.
```
